Add application proposal for Karmada (#2309)
karmada-io/karmada: docs/proposals/application/README.md

	// Identifier represents the identity of a resource linking to manifests in spec.
	// +required
	Identifier workv1alpha1.ResourceIdentifier `json:"identifier"`

	// Status represents the aggregated status of components.
	Status AggregatedStatus `json:"status,omitempty"`
}

// DisplayInfo is inspired by kubernetes-sigs/application, https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/application.
// DisplayInfo is mainly used by displaying metadata info of applications.
type DisplayInfo struct {
	// ComponentGroupKinds is a list of Kinds for Application's components (e.g. Deployments, Pods, Services, CRDs). It
	// can be used in conjunction with the Application's Selector to list or watch the Applications components.
	ComponentGroupKinds []metav1.GroupKind `json:"componentKinds,omitempty"`

	// Descriptor regroups information and metadata about an application.
	Descriptor Descriptor `json:"descriptor,omitempty"`

	// Selector is a label query over kinds that created by the application. It must match the component objects' labels.
	// More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#label-selectors
	Selector *metav1.LabelSelector `json:"selector,omitempty"`

> 	// Info contains human readable key,value pairs for the Application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	// Info contains human readable key-value pairs for the Application.
```

type Descriptor struct {
	// Type is the type of the application (e.g. WordPress, MySQL, Cassandra).
	Type string `json:"type,omitempty"`

	// Version is an optional version indicator for the Application.
	Version string `json:"version,omitempty"`

	// Description is a brief string description of the Application.
	Description string `json:"description,omitempty"`

	// Icons is an optional list of icons for an application. Icon information includes the source, size,
	// and mime type.
	Icons []ImageSpec `json:"icons,omitempty"`

	// Maintainers is an optional list of maintainers of the application. The maintainers in this list maintain the
	// the source code, images, and package for the application.
	Maintainers []ContactData `json:"maintainers,omitempty"`

	// Owners is an optional list of the owners of the installed application. The owners of the application should be
	// contacted in the event of a planned or unplanned disruption affecting the application.
	Owners []ContactData `json:"owners,omitempty"`

	// Keywords is an optional list of key words associated with the application (e.g. MySQL, RDBMS, database).
	Keywords []string `json:"keywords,omitempty"`

> 	// Links are a list of descriptive URLs intended to be used to surface additional documentation, dashboards, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	// Links is a list of descriptive URLs intended for surfacing additional documentation, dashboards, etc.
```

	Links []Link `json:"links,omitempty"`

	// Notes contain a human readable snippets intended as a quick start for the users of the Application.
	// CommonMark markdown syntax may be used for rich text representation.
	Notes string `json:"notes,omitempty"`
}

// ImageSpec contains information about an image used as an icon.
type ImageSpec struct {
	// The source for image represented as either an absolute URL to the image or a Data URL containing
	// the image. Data URLs are defined in RFC 2397.
	Source string `json:"src"`

	// (optional) The size of the image in pixels (e.g., 25x25).
	Size string `json:"size,omitempty"`

> 	// (optional) The mine type of the image (e.g., "image/png").

Reviewer: Should be "mime" type?

	Type string `json:"type,omitempty"`
}

// ContactData contains information about an individual or organization.
type ContactData struct {
	// Name is the descriptive name.
	Name string `json:"name,omitempty"`

	// Url could typically be a website address.
	URL string `json:"url,omitempty"`

	// Email is the email address.
	Email string `json:"email,omitempty"`
}

// Link contains information about an URL to surface documentation, dashboards, etc.
type Link struct {
	// Description is human readable content explaining the purpose of the link.
	Description string `json:"description,omitempty"`

	// Url typically points at a website address.
	URL string `json:"url,omitempty"`
}

> // InfoItem is a human readable key,value pair containing important information about how to access the Application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// InfoItem is a human readable key-value pair containing important information about how to access the Application.
```

	Path string `json:"path,omitempty"`
	// Protocol for the ingress
	Protocol string `json:"protocol,omitempty"`
}
```

#### Example
```
apiVersion: application.karmada.io/v1alpha1
kind: Application
metadata:
  name: test-1
spec:
  components:
    - name: ref-deploy
      type: objectTemplate
      objectTemplate:
        objectReference:
          apiVersion: apps/v1
          kind: Deployment
          name: test
          namespace: default
        weight: 1
    - name: ref-configmap
      type: objectTemplate
      objectTemplate:
        objectReference:
          apiVersion: v1
          kind: Configmap
          name: test
          namespace: default
        weight: 2
status:
  componentsReady: 2
  componentsTotal: 2
  components:
    - identifier:
        kind: Configmap
        name: test
        namespace: default
        ordinal: 0
        resource: ""
        version: v1
      status:
        applied: true
        healthy: true
    - identifier:
        group: app
        kind: Deployment
        name: nginx
        namespace: default
        ordinal: 1
        resource: ""
        version: v1
      status:
        applied: true
        healthy: true
```

### Test Plan

> - Unit Test covering.

Reviewer: Not sure what "covering" means here.
In my opinion, "Unit tests" is enough. Pls check.

> - E2E covering.

Reviewer: E2E coverage?
